So now that we have a basic understanding of locaters, I feel it's the right time to give you your
first assignment.
So I want you to go to the automation test in the code at UK website and on the home page.
I want you to view the page source.
I then want you to review the h timo of the page and look at the loaded link which is highlighted on
the left hand side.
Using a pen and paper, white tests, import LINQ text locator to find this element and the tip is to
use this template driver, find element, buyer and you need to complete the rest.
So pause this video at this point and then come back once you have it written down.
Now that you have it written down, let's take a look at the solution.
So you should have something like driver dot find element by link text and in double quotes.
Loader should be in uppercase.
This is because link text requires you to provide a value that matches the text on the web page itself.
So on the web page, loader is in uppercase, but in the HTML documents, you'll see that it isn't.
And it's for this reason, it needs to be in uppercase.
So if you got this right, well done.
If you didn't quite get it.
Not to worry.
We'll get plenty of practice as we progress for this course.
Thank you for taking part.